ENH Introduce dtype preservation semantics in `DistanceMetric` objects. (#27006)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.4.rst

  for CSR × CSR,  Dense × CSR, and CSR × Dense datasets is now 1.5x faster.
  :pr:`26765` by :user:`Meekail Zain <micky774>`

> - |Efficiency| Computing distances via :class:`metrics.DistanceMetric`
>   for CSR × CSR,  Dense × CSR, and CSR × Dense now use ~50% less memory, output
>   distances in the same dtype as the provided data.
>   :pr:`27006` by :user:`Meekail Zain <micky774>`

Reviewer: Nit.
```suggestion
- |Efficiency| Computing distances via :class:`metrics.DistanceMetric`
  for CSR × CSR, Dense × CSR, and CSR × Dense now uses ~50% less memory,
  and outputs distances in the same dtype as the provided data.
  :pr:`27006` by :user:`Meekail Zain <micky774>`
```
